magento/devdocs#: Layout instructions. Adding more examples to Public interfaces & APIs [GITBUG] (#6826)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/api-concepts.md

 {:.bs-callout-info}
Third-party developers should use only these interfaces, that is, interfaces with the `@api` annotation. You can use other interfaces but those may be modified or removed in subsequent Magento releases. For more information, see [Backward compatibility]({{ page.baseurl }}/contributor-guide/backward-compatible-development/).

### Example of public interface annotation

```php
namespace Magento\CatalogRule\Api;

/**
 * Interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
 * @api
 * @since 100.1.0
 */
interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
{
...
```

## What is an API? {#api-definition}

An application programming interface (API) is a set of interfaces and their implementations that a module provides to other modules.

> ### Example of implementation a API interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of an API interface implementation
```

```php
namespace Magento\CatalogRule\Api;

/**
 * Interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
 * @api
 * @since 100.1.0
 */
interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
{
    /**
     * @param \Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface $rule
     * @return \Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface
     * @throws \Magento\Framework\Exception\CouldNotSaveException
     * @since 100.1.0
     */
    public function save(\Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface $rule);

    /**
     * @param int $ruleId
     * @return \Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface
     * @throws \Magento\Framework\Exception\NoSuchEntityException
     * @since 100.1.0
     */
    public function get($ruleId);

    /**
     * @param \Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface $rule
     * @return bool
     * @throws \Magento\Framework\Exception\CouldNotDeleteException
     * @since 100.1.0
     */
    public function delete(\Magento\CatalogRule\Api\Data\RuleInterface $rule);

    /**
     * @param int $ruleId
     * @return bool
     * @throws \Magento\Framework\Exception\CouldNotDeleteException
     * @since 100.1.0
     */
    public function deleteById($ruleId);
}
```

> The implementations of the interfaces in the ``di.xml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of each interface is declared in the ``di.xml``
```

 {:.bs-callout-info}
Third-party developers should use only these interfaces, that is, interfaces with the `@api` annotation. You can use other interfaces but those may be modified or removed in subsequent Magento releases. For more information, see [Backward compatibility]({{ page.baseurl }}/contributor-guide/backward-compatible-development/).

### Example of public interface annotation

```php
namespace Magento\CatalogRule\Api;

/**
 * Interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
 * @api
 * @since 100.1.0
 */
interface CatalogRuleRepositoryInterface
{
...
```

## What is an API? {#api-definition}

An application programming interface (API) is a set of interfaces and their implementations that a module provides to other modules.

> ### Example of implementation a set of API interfaces

Reviewer: Hi @DenisSaltanahmedov. I would suggest shrinking this example to just one interface declaration and the corresponding `di.xml` file. Also, I would add extra information about an interface implementation. Like "a default implementation for the interface may be declared in the following way ... ".  

So, just a little more information on what is the examples about. 

Thank you!
